
Company:- Tata Technology
TimeDuraction: 40-45 min
1st round

1. Can u brief me about yourself ? (Repetated in 2nd round)
2. Tell me about your Framework ? (Repetated in 2nd round)
3. What is the POM ?
4. What are the diffucilties did u face in manual Testing ?
5. What are the diffucilties did u face in automation testing ?
6. How will u report the bug ?
7. What are the different status of Bug ?
8. What is the functional and non functional Testing ?
9. Can u tell me the Retesting and Regression testing ?
10. What is the Synchrinazation and where u will used ?
11. Execution flow of TestNG Annotation ?
12. If u will get a chance to work Selenium with TestNG So Are u comfortable with that ?
13.What is the Agile ?
14. what is the used of Git and when u used the git merge and pull command ?
15. What is the Inheritance and Where u used in your framework ?
16. What is your role and responcabilities in your team ?
17. find the X-path for google home page at right corner 9 dot ?
18. Write a program to find the string is palandrom or not (on notepad) ?
     ex.. String name="radar"; 


2nd round 

1. Which is your last project ?
2. What is the Set Speed and Sleep ?
3. What is the implicit and explicit wait ?
4. Tell me about your application ?
5. As per the sevirity and priority tell me low priority low sevirity and high priority and high sevirity bug in your application u found ?
6. How the requirments will come to you ?
7. Where u used extend and impliment ?
8. Do u involve in manual testing ?
9. What is the single slash and doubble slash ?
10. In a X-path how will u decide to which locator u have to used from all the locators ?
11. How do u rate yourself in selenium ?
12. Do u have any question for me ?


1st round 
company - Dessult System

1.Tell me about yourself and your current project ?

2. The values for the a=0, b=1,c=2............so on upto z=25 are given;
   you have to take a any string 
 ex :- String user="welcome to java";  and assign the value to each char of string and print the 
  welcome =69;(it is a sum of each char and theire addition is 69)
  to= ? (char assign values and theire sum)
 java=?(char assign values and theire sum)

3.prepaire the manual test cases for the scenario given and automate this scenario ?
  scenario== In a netflix application u will get the massage of subscrication before subscribtion will get over in  5 days and 
 3 options are given for this massage.
        1. yes (if we says yes then it will go and open the payment options)
        2. No(if we says no then that means u don't want to continew the subscribtion)
        3. Remind me Later( means it will given the notification agains after few days)
write a manual test cases for this?
how u will automate this scenario by selecting the "yes " option.
4. Do u have any question for me ?


Company--TCS
1. Tell me About yourself ?
2. Why are u looking for job change ?
3. What is the Selenoid ?
4. How to take a screenShoot and write a code on notpad ?
5. How to perform a mouse hover operaction write a code for it ?
6. The data stored in 'D' drive in sheet no '0' u have to fetch the data from 1 row and 1 coloum how u 
     will read the data and write a code for it ?
7. What is the Object Repositery and how to maintain it ?
8. What is the Background and Example in Cucumber ?
9. Can we used the TestNG @BeforeTest and @BeforeClass annotation in place of Background keyward ?
10. What is the Hooks in a Cucumber ?
11. Are u involve in manual Testing ?
12. Do u have any question for me ?

Company--Cognizant

1. Tell me about yourself 
2. What is your role and responcability in your team ?
3. If i have to perform click operaction on web element and this element is at the bottom of the page so, how will u perform this action ?
4. Consider ur executing the script and u have to perform so action but the web locators are not loaded so, how will u handle this ?
5. Did u involve in manual Testing and what is ur work ?
6. Write a code for following scenario (notepad):---
    - open a hoster.com 
    - click on 'movies' section and from this movies section u have to select 'English'
    - then whatever the movies avaliable from that select the 'lion King' movie
    - then u have to fatch the movie time only (1 hr 58 min)

Company--TCS
1. Give me your brief introduction and role&responcability ?
2. Tell me about ur FrameWork about locators, and method how ur configuring ?
3. consider u have to perform action but the web element is disable but attribute is avaliable so, how will u do that ?
4. consider the test case is failling and it's give the exception like 'element not visiable' so what will u do ?
5. what is the stale element referance exception have u face it ?
6.scenario:-- suppose when u open website the Alert pop up is coming with the massage so how will u handle the Alert pop up with massage tell me ur approch in code ?
7. I have to press the keyBoard 'ctr+alt+d ' button how we can perform by using selenium ?
8. Did u involve in the API testing ?
9. What is 300 http staus code ?
10. What is the differance between put, post, patch request ?
11. what are the other tools ur are using (devops tool) ?
12. In a jenkin if test cases get failed so who will handle this ?
13. Are u involve in pipeline or CI-CD any activity ?
14. Did u used the fluent wait and what it is ?

















